When performing page maintenance, or making any changes to pages from the IDE side:

GIT: Create a branch called edits-20XXXXXX

Make all edits on that branch

FILES:
Copy the existing "deploy" file to "backup" file.
Copy the code from the live page to "deploy."
Copy new "deploy" to "dev" for edit and test.
Once dev is tested and ready paste in deploy and in Site Manager.

USE "DEV" file version to build changes if they are complex or require new CSS.
USE "DEPLOY" if changes are content or links only. (Or make changes in Site Manager and copy back to "deploy."
If using "dev," test in weber-dev or copy page. When code is ready copy/paste to "deploy."
Copy/paste deploy to live page in SM
If editing directly in deploy file, copy over to SM live page when ready.

Folder and file structures:
/page-name
    ------- page-name-dev.html (edits to current deploy code)
    ------- page-name-backup.html (holds copy of deploy code previous to current edit)
    ------- page-name-deploy.html (should mirror the code on the current live page)
    ------- page-name.scss (deploy (live) style-sheet)
        -------- page-name.css
    ------- page-name-dev.scss (edit copy of page-name.scss)
        -------- page-name-dev.css

CSS Structure:
/css
    ---- admissions-pages.css (official stylesheet for most of the site. Compile admissions-pages.scss to this file location)
    ---- apply-strip.css (compile here if you need to attach apply strip css separate from admissions-pages.css
    ---- ui-mod-base-with-global (a combined version of ui-mod-base and ui-global-styles for admissions site)

/admissions-counselors (compiles to admissions-pages (main stylesheet))
/admissions-home (compiles ot admissions-pages)
/affordability-page (compiles to itself separate from admissions-pages)
/apply (compiles to admissions-pages)
/main-template (banner style and main content css both compile to admissions-pages)
/subpages/* (custom banner css for each page compiles to admissions-pages)
/virtual-campus-tour (compiles to itself. Used on top of admissions-page.css on live page)
/visit (compiles to admissions-pages)
/whatsnext (compiles to itself and used independently from admissions on page)

admissions-pages.scss (main stylesheet compiler)
admissions-pages-dev.scss (used when doing extensive development edits to a page that is compiled in the main stylesheet.
scss for the page being edited can be commented out and a dev version of the stylesheet can be imported instead.)


GIT: Commit the changes

GIT: Merge branch back to master


